#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohttp==3.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   openai
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
altair==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
anyio==3.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   isoduration
astroid==2.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
bcrypt==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deep-translator
    #   favicon
    #   nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
blinker==1.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
boto3==1.26.93
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-transformers
botocore==1.29.93
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
build==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
    #   sacremoses
    #   streamlit
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   build
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   loguru
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
    #   tqdm
comm==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
coverage==7.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.5.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
debugpy==1.6.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   validators
deep-translator==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
dill==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
exceptiongroup==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
executing==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
faker==18.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-faker
fastjsonschema==2.16.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbformat
favicon==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
filelock==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.39.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via sqlalchemy
htbuilder==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
    #   st-annotated-text
    #   streamlit-extras
huggingface-hub==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==6.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
instaloader==4.9.6
    # via -r requirements.in
ipykernel==6.21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
isort==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint
jedi==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit-camera-input-live
    #   streamlit-image-coordinates
    #   streamlit-keyup
    #   torch
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sacremoses
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
jupyter-core==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
langchain==0.0.145
    # via -r requirements.in
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   astroid
loguru==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==4.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
markdown==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-it-py==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
markdownlit==0.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
marshmallow==3.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   marshmallow-enum
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-faker
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
mistune==2.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
more-itertools==9.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   htbuilder
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sympy
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mypy
    #   typing-inspect
nbclassic==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
networkx==3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
notebook==6.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbclassic
numexpr==2.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
numpy==1.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   contourpy
    #   langchain
    #   matplotlib
    #   numexpr
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   pytorch-transformers
    #   streamlit
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
openai==0.27.4
    # via -r requirements.in
openapi-schema-pydantic==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   replicate
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   streamlit
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pillow==9.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
    #   torchvision
pip-tools==6.12.3
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-core
    #   pylint
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
prometheus-client==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
    #   streamlit-extras
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
psycopg2==2.9.6
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
pyarrow==11.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==1.10.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   openapi-schema-pydantic
    #   replicate
pydeck==0.8.1b0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   rich
pylint==2.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pymdown-extensions==10.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
pympler==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
pytest==7.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   faker
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   streamlit
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
pytorch-transformers==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tzlocal
pywin32==306
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.10
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   langchain
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   transformers
pyzmq==25.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
qtpy==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   qtconsole
regex==2022.10.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-transformers
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
replicate==0.8.3
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deep-translator
    #   favicon
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   instaloader
    #   langchain
    #   openai
    #   pytorch-transformers
    #   replicate
    #   streamlit
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
ruff==0.0.256
    # via -r requirements.in
s3transfer==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
sacremoses==0.0.53
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-transformers
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
sentencepiece==0.1.97
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-transformers
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   sacremoses
smmap==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
soupsieve==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==1.4.47
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
st-annotated-text==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
stqdm==0.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
streamlit==1.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
    #   stqdm
    #   streamlit-camera-input-live
    #   streamlit-card
    #   streamlit-embedcode
    #   streamlit-extras
    #   streamlit-faker
    #   streamlit-image-coordinates
    #   streamlit-keyup
    #   streamlit-toggle-switch
    #   streamlit-vertical-slider
streamlit-camera-input-live==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
streamlit-card==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
streamlit-embedcode==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
streamlit-extras==0.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
    #   streamlit-faker
streamlit-faker==0.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
streamlit-image-coordinates==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
streamlit-keyup==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
streamlit-toggle-switch==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
streamlit-vertical-slider==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
sympy==1.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
tenacity==8.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
tokenizers==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   mypy
    #   pylint
    #   pyproject-hooks
    #   pytest
tomlkit==0.11.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
torch==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-transformers
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.15.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   streamlit
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   openai
    #   pytorch-transformers
    #   sacremoses
    #   stqdm
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
transformers==4.27.1
    # via -r requirements.in
types-pillow==9.5.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
types-requests==2.31.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
types-urllib3==1.26.25.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   types-requests
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   astroid
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   streamlit
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dataclasses-json
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
    #   tzlocal
tzlocal==4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   requests
validators==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
watchdog==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
wheel==0.40.0
    # via pip-tools
widgetsnbextension==4.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
win32-setctime==1.1.0
    # via loguru
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   astroid
yarl==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
zipp==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
